I was actually a few days ago
Meet Yoyo's dad
And?
But I'm not going to let them meet yet
Yeah, tell me
You had to give birth
I don't know.
Now that Yoyo is so old, can you still recognize him?
Did you solve Yoyo's kindergarten problem?
I'm still trying to figure it out
Sasa Yoyo is already 4 years old
You haven't settled down yet.
That kid's going to school, he's going to have a problem sooner or later
Want me to say
You should go back home
Back home, right?
Look, my hometown is developing so well now
Your story group job
He is but
I didn't give my children a good education either.
environment is important
We can't delay our children because of ourselves
Right? Mmm.
I think again
If you go back to your hometown
I quoted you for your ticket.